hello everyone in this video we will
discuss how you can redirect your user
to a new page or website after he clicks
on the submit button of the phone that
you have created with farmgate so for
example you have created this form and
his user is coming in putting up his
information and he takes on the summit
with it alright so why do you want your
user to be navigated or redirected after
he saw mr. fun do you want him to remain
at the same page or do you want him to
be navigated to a different page you can
decide either of them and you can make
this make this happen with the redirect
option that we have gotten from get so
how exactly this works on I'll show you
here I have got a job agency form okay
and what I'm going to do is now I'm
going to fill up the form details and
summit my form so let's get started
and we click on summit button now as you
can see it's written your message
submitted successfully now and now we
get it here too intense calm how did I
come over here I didn't I didn't click
anywhere but I was actually redirected
to this page how I'll show you
we'll get back to our dashboard and then
this is my job I can see from all right
so I click on edit form this is my forum
title so what I'll do is I'll click here
and here at the down side you will find
this forum redirect URL so this is
exactly the place where you have to
mention the URL URL of the page where
you want your users to be navigated on
submitting the form so right now it is
intense calm that's why when I submitted
that form right now we submitted a form
ok so when I submitted that form I was
redirected to this page so that is the
redirect URL so you can redirect your
users to a new page after he submits the
form or if you have a wordpress site and
if you want your user to be navigated to
a different page of your website so you
can mention the URL of the page of your
website where you want your user to be
redirected then for example if you are
removing this ok and then you are saving
this form
and I review this bomb and again I will
fill in the details and I'll float the
resume and click on submit button no
Jessie I am not redirected to any page I
am remaining at the same page I am not
navigated to any different website or
different page of a particular website I
am at the same page just because I
deleted the URL section from that forum
title I showed you back there
so I deleted that URL part and there was
there was nothing there was that was
blank completely and that's the reason I
am staying in the same page where I
submitted the form so this is how you
can redirect your users to a different
page by mentioning the URL of the page
or the website where you want your users
to get after submitting the form so this
is a very good feature because if you
have created a form and you are directly
sharing the link of your form to your
users so if you want your user to be
navigated to your website if you have a
particular website so you can use this
feature and the person when you click on
the submit button you will be navigated
to a different page so I hope this demo
will help you how to redirect your users
to a different page on submitting the
form thanks so much for watching